BREAKS

Regarding breaks (underwriting, etc.):

1. All are 1 minute, exactly.

1. A break happens before each segment, always (including the first).

However, neither the input and edit program, nor the runner program, need know about these breaks, because:

1. WideOrbit starts each segment after its preceding break is done.

As an exception:

1. Some DJs (e.g., Matt Galler) embed breaks in their airshow segments.

Therefore, when supplying their song start times, those particular DJs must allow for these embedded breaks.

I.e., those particular DJs must increment their song start times (if not already), by the total duration of all preceding breaks.

For all segments, some program must ensure that no song starts within the first 20 seconds.
--This is no longer true. Now, the program is started for each cart, as indicated by the contents of the XML file.
So, the first song can start at 0:00. The program immediately will rewrite the XML file, and QPlaylist will see it, on its next iteration.

That program should be the runner.

This will prevent the song from overwriting the airshow name (or segment name) in the playlist.

STARTING

The main Qplaylist program should pick up, from NowPlaying.XML, a field called 'CatId', which contains one of these codes: LIN, MUS, PRO, PRS, SPL, UWR, etc.

These should be blacklisted (from Qplaylist):

1. Code 'PRO' stands for 'House Promotional Spot'.

2. Code 'UWR' stands for 'Underwriting Announcement'.

Code 'MUS' stands for Music: our ordinary songs.

Code 'PRS' stands for 'Public Radio Satellite'. One of these that we play is the World Cafe program; we should ignore PRS.

Code 'SPL' stands for Special. In that case, the main Qplaylist program should pick up the cart number (short for 'tape cartridge'), and then start the runner.

LEGAL ID

Code 'LIN' stands for Liner.

When the liner has a certain cart number, then it is the Legal ID.

In that case, any 'SPL' special program, currently playing, is then immediately killed by WideOrbit. I have to know this, and stop the runner, too.

This means that:

1. When starting the runner, each time, I will append its process ID to a file; and

2. Whenever I see the Legal ID, I will:

a. Attempt to kill all the processes with these process IDs; and

b. Clear the file.

I should look for the Legal ID:

1. Within the main Qplaylist program. There, I will start the qplaylist-runner-daemon; and

2. Within the qplaylist-runner-daemon. There, I will kill the processes.

CART NUMBER

The cart numbers are a list. They cover the airshow's N segments, and never vary.

Some airshows regularly run twice. Those airshows have two lists of cart numbers (which differ).

For N runs, there will be N differing lists.

A list of songs (artist, title, and start time) will be created in a file (a 'song-list file').

Each differing segment will have a separate song-list file.

The runner will read another file (a 'correspondence file'), which contains the correspondences between each cart number, and the filename of that song-list file.

The main Qplaylist program will pass the cart number to the runner.
